Improved server-side GraphQL support (#3154)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/discussions/server-side-graphql.md

## Background

There are four main things that go into executing a server-side GraphQL operation:

- A GraphQL schema
- The query string
- Variable values
- A `context` object

When executing queries over HTTP we only have control over the queries and variables.
On the server side we can also control the schema and the `context`.

In most Keystone systems there will only be a single schema, but it is possible to configure multiple schemas (although this is not well documented).

The [`context` object](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/#the-context-argument) is a general purpose object which is made available to all resolvers. When performing HTTP queries this object is built by Apollo server based on the `request` object. When directly performing server-side operations we need to be able to create our own `context` object.

## Within Resolvers

While Keystone generates the basic CRUD resolvers for you, there are lots of ways you can write custom code which is executed during the resolver phase of a query.
These include:

- Hooks
- Access control
- Virtual field resolver
- Custom field type resolvers
- Custom query/mutation resolvers

> As a developer you might want to execute some GraphQL operations as part of your custom code.

Reviewer: You'd get a little confused at this point if you don't know how a context object is provided to a resolved function I think we need to describe or show this before this point.

Author: Hmm, I wonder if we should just link out to the apollo docs at that point. If you're writing a custom resolver and you don't know about `context` then... 🤷 Maybe an simple example of using it in a hook and within access control, since those aren't full blown resolvers, but they have happen to have access to the context object, since they're called as part of the parent resolver.

Author: Or maybe we flip the order of this paragraph with the following one, where `context` objects are explained. I had something like that originally but then flipped it to this, but maybe that made it worse. 🤔

Reviewer: This is also available in our hooks and stuff too right? It's less clear at that point that this is an Apollo context object.

Reviewer: I've approved. Just this one general comment that dosen't need to block it.

- `schemaName`: This can be used to select the named schema if you have multiple schemas within your Keystone system.
- `authentication`: This is an object of the shape `{ item: { id }, listKey: '...' }` which is passed through to access control functions. This can be used to emulate executing the operations as a different user.
- `skipAccessControl`: This can be used to bypass all access control.

By default each of these values will take the value of the original `context` object.
You can use this functions like this:

```
const { data, errors } = await context.executeGraphQL({
  context: context.createContext({ ... }),
  query: '{...}',
  variables: { ... }
  });
```

## General purpose operations

There are situations where you might want to execute a GraphQL operations outside of the context of a resolver function.
These include:

- Migrations
- Data seeding
- Responding to a non-GraphQL HTTP request
- Testing
- Anything else a developer could possibly imagine

In these cases there is no `context` object for you to borrow, but there is an API to create one for use.

> The methods `keystone.createContext()` and `keystone.executeGraphQL()` behave almost exactly the same as the functions `context.createContext()` and `context.executeGraphQL()`. There a few key differences

Reviewer: I think you meant:
 
```suggestion
The method `keystone.executeQuery()` behaves almost exactly the same as the functions `context.createContext()` and `context.executeGraphQL()` with a few key differences:
```

Author: No, I meant what I had originally, I'm comparing each `keystone.foo` to the corresponding `context.foo`.
